Begin PR for README updates (#1)
streamingfast/substreams-sink-files: README.md

# Substreams sink files

## Description

`substreams-sink-files` is a tool that allows developers to pipe data extracted from a blockchain into various types of local or Cloud files-based persistence solutions.

## Prerequisites

- Go installation and compiler
- Rust installation and compiler

> - Cloned `substreams-sink-files` repository

Reviewer: Those three are not true, Go compiler is not required unless the person wants to compile from source. Rust is also not needed, somehow could run a pre-built `.spkg`. Let's remove those three and `Knowledge of blockchain development`, the other two stays.

Author: Updated.

- A Substreams module prepared for a files-sink
- Knowledge of blockchain development
- Cloud-based file storage mechanism (optional)

## Installation

Install `substreams-sink-files` by using the pre-built binary release [available in the official GitHub repository](https://github.com/streamingfast/substreams-sink-files/releases).

> Extract `substreams-sink-files` into a folder available in your PATH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extract `substreams-sink-files` into a folder and ensure this folder is reference globally via your `PATH` environment variable.
```

Author: Updated.

> The binary file is installed in your GO_PATH, typically \$HOME/go/bin. Make sure this folder is included in your PATH environment variable.

Reviewer: That is incorrect. It goes in `GOPATH` (and not `GO_PATH`) only when compiling/installing from source directly. When downloading from a pre-built binary, `GOPATH` as no impact at all. This sentence can be removed, I've proposed a small change for the other line.

Author: Updated. This was pulled from the file sink KV content written by Steph.

> ## Using the `substreams-sink-files` tool

Reviewer: Let's update this section with latest content of tutorial, so we talk about output bundles, cursor and other nice thing you have there.

I'm fine also having quicker show up here with links back to the tutorial.

Author: I ported the Cursors, Cloud-based storage and Limitations from the tutorial into the README. Is this adequate?
